1.9.3 (#248)
MetaMask/github-tools: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.9.3]

### Changed

> - chore: scan more open PRs in release-branch-sync ([#247](https://github.com/MetaMask/github-tools/pull/247))

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe better expressed as a fix?

```suggestion
### Fixed

- fix: fix `release-branch-sync` failure when there are too many open PRs more recent than the release PR ([#247](https://github.com/MetaMask/github-tools/pull/247))
```

Reviewer 2: yes, committed, thanks !
